# To-Do-List-App-using-React
1)The table should have the following columns: a. Timestamp created: Timestamp at which a task was created. Should be auto set when creating a new entry. A user should not be able to edit this. b. Title: Title of the task to be done. i. A user can set this while creating a new entry. A user can also change this updating existing entry. ii. Max length: 100 characters. iii. Mandatory field c. Description: Description of the task to be done. i. A user can add details about this task. ii. Max length: 1000 characters iii. Mandatory field d. Due Date: Expected due date to finish the task i. A user can set this while creating a new entry. A user can also change this updating existing entry. ii. Optional field e. Tag: One or more tags which user can add to the entry i. A user can set this while creating a new entry. A user can also change this updating existing entry. Multiple tags can be added to the same entry ii. Optional field iii. Multiple tags with the same value should be saved only once. f. Status: Shows status of a task i. Should be one of these values. 1. OPEN (Default value) 2. WORKING 3. DONE 4. OVERDUE ii. Mandatory field 2. The table should support pagination. 3. User should be able to perform the following operations: a. ADD a new to-do entry b. MODIFY an existing to-do entry c. DELETE an existing to-do entry d. SORT the table using columns a., b., c. and d. given above in both ascending and descending formats e. FILTER the table using e. and f. Columns. 4. Provide a search bar on the top where a user can perform a case-insensitive search for any task based on the data in any of the above mentioned columns.
